Removes Foundation mentions (#73)
standard-for-public-code/community-translations-standard: README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Foreword

> There is also [foreword.md](https://github.com/standard-for-public-code/standard-for-public-code/blob/main/foreword.md) that gives context about the concept of Public Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [foreword.md](https://github.com/standard-for-public-code/standard-for-public-code/blob/main/foreword.md) gives context about the concept of Public Code.
```

## Problems, suggestions and questions in issues

You can report problems, suggest changes or ask questions by [creating a GitHub issue](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue/) for this project in the [GitHub Issues for community translations](https://github.com/standard-for-public-code/community-translations-standard/issues).

> Or, join the next [community call](https://community.standardforpubliccode.org/) and provide your feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or [join the next community call](https://community.standardforpubliccode.org/) to give feedback.
```
